https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/qsHHk3oxi5w9Mionwj2XDA
When it comes to deciding what to do with our lives, we are frequently presented with what looks like a very painful choice: the passionate path vs the safe path.

在做关于职业的人生决定时，我们常常面临着一个看似非常痛苦的选择：热爱还是稳定？



The latter involves the slow mastery of a dependable profession; we will be bored - but we know we'll never be fired.

后者通常就是慢慢掌握一份可靠的职业，我们会感到无聊，但我们知道自己永远不会被解雇。



Meanwhile, the former is a high-wire act in which we fantasise generating an income from what we deeply love and yet we constantly fear penury and humiliation.

我们渴望能够通过热爱的事物获得收入，但我们又总是害怕贫穷和屈辱。



The choice can feel acute, but it may be less so than it seems, once we properly explore the concept of safety.

这样的选择让人感到很棘手，但如果我们对稳定的概念有更准确的理解，那么它可能就没有想象中那么困难。



We are never properly safe so long as we are doing something we hate or are pursuing out of cowardice.

只要我们在做自己讨厌的事，或处于胆怯才去追求的事业，我们就永远称不上稳定。



In the deeply competitive conditions of modernity, our back-up career - the one we adopt out of fear - will be someone else's central ambition; our plan B will be someone else's plan A, which places us at an immediate disadvantage in terms of the energy and focus we are able to muster.

在现代激烈竞争的环境中，我们的稳定职业，那份出于恐惧而接受的职业可能是别人的野心所在，而我们的备选将是他人的首选，这就使得我们在这件事上花费的精力和注意力都远不及别人。



The 'safe' choice might ruin us.

这份“稳定”可能会害了我们。



By contrast, what we love is what we are obsessed by anyway, we'd do it for free - which decisively increases our chances of mastery while reducing the price of failure.

相比之下，为了热爱的事业我们愿意投入一切，不计回报，这将会决定性地增加我们成功的机会，降低失败的代价。



A decade of mixed results on a passion-project is inherently less onerous than unspectacular returns for a whole career in a hateful field.

在热爱的事情上努力十年，无论成败，远没有将整个职业生涯投入一个讨厌的领域还碌碌无为那么艰难。



It is in the end not very safe to use the one life we have forcing ourselves to do what we know from the outset we won't enjoy - simply in order to keep living.

用我们仅有一次的人生强迫自己去做一件一开始就不会喜欢，仅仅是为了谋生的事情，归根结底也并不稳定。



This isn't safety; it's masochism.

这不是稳定，这是自虐。



We may all have to spend our first two decades suffering through the education system; but at some point, we are allowed to leave school; at some point, we need to have a shot at answering what life could be about beyond obedience and timidity.

也许我们每个人都要先在教育系统中熬过二十年，但总会有一刻，我们要离开学校；总有一刻，我们要试着回答，除了顺从和羞怯之外，生活还可以是什么样子。



It is not very common to have a passion; most of us don't.

拥有热爱的事业并不常见，我们大多数人都没有。



Yet if we are blessed enough to have one, we are risking far more than we should by failing to heed its call.

但如果你有幸拥有，那么忽视它只会带给你更大的风险。

