Define Success and Drill Deliberately.
定义成功，刻意操练。

Define all the elements you need to practice to become successful.
定义你需要练习才能成功的所有要素。

Then drill each element deliberately, one after the other.
然后一个接一个地刻意钻每个要素。

In Tennis, that could be first your serves and then later your leg work.
在网球比赛中，你可以先练发球，然后是腿部练习。

Plan, Reflect and Take Notes.
计划、反思并做笔记。

Plan out your practice routine, for example in a notebook.
计划好日常练习，可以写在笔记本上。

After each session, reflect and write down what you've discovered: What worked? What didn't?
每次训练结束后，反思并写下你的发现：什么奏效了？什么没有？

The idea is to get a clear sense of how a particular session improves your skills and then to experiment to find a new and even better way to achieve your goals.
这样做的目的是为了清楚地了解特定的课程是如何提高你的技能的，然后尝试找到一种新的甚至更好的方法来实现你的目标。

Go Slow.
慢点来。

To build a good foundation of muscle memory, practice slow and correctly.
要建立良好的肌肉记忆基础，缓慢而正确地练习。

If we move too fast, we risk learning and internalizing the wrong skills, which can bring terrible consequences.
如果我们行动得太快，我们就有学习和内化错误技能的风险，这会带来可怕的后果。

To achieve mastery, our brain needs time to develop.
为了达到精通，我们的大脑需要时间来发展。

So start slow and then gradually increase the speed until you give all you've got.
所以慢慢开始，然后逐渐加快速度，直到你尽全力。

Limit Your Sessions to Focus.
集中注意力训练。

Deliberate practice is hard mental work.
刻意练习是艰苦的脑力劳动。

Limit the sessions to a reasonable duration that allows you to stay focused.
把训练的时间限制在合理的范围内，这样可以让你保持专注。

This may be 15 minutes if you are younger and 60 minutes if you are older.
如果你比较年轻的话，可以只练15分钟，年纪较大的话，就练60分钟。

Cristiano Ronaldo does around 3-4 hours of football training a day.
克里斯蒂亚诺·罗纳尔多每天大约训练3-4个小时的足球。

Maximize Practice Time.
练习时间最大化。

Legendary basketball coach John Wooden used to let each of his players practice putting on socks and shoes so that they learn to do it really fast.
传奇篮球教练约翰·伍德过去常常让他的每个球员练习穿袜子和鞋子，这样他们就能做得很快。

By doing this, he maximized the time to practice throwing the ball and discussing game strategy with his team.
通过这样做，他最大限度地利用时间练习投球，并与团队讨论比赛策略。

Track Small Intervals of Improvement.
跟踪小的改进间隔。

If you practice running 800 meters, count the milliseconds, not the minutes.
如果你练习跑800米，以毫秒计时而不是分钟。

If you are working out or practice controlling your diet, measure milligrams, and millimeters.
如果你正在锻炼或练习控制饮食，以毫克和毫米测量。

The smaller the data points you measure, the faster you see progress and the more you feel motivated to continue.
你测量的数据单位越小，你看到进展的速度就越快，你就越有动力继续下去。

Emulate Practice, Not Performance.
模拟实践，而不是表演。

The top performance we see on screens or on stage is the results of endless hard work behind the curtain.
我们在银幕上或舞台上看到的顶级表演，都是幕后无止境努力的结果。

If you want to become as good as Pavarotti in the Opera or as skillful as Messi with the ball, don't watch them perform, study how they practice.
如果你想变得像歌剧中的帕瓦罗蒂一样优秀，或者想变得像梅西一样球技娴熟，不要看他们表演，要研究他们是如何练习的。

Repetition Makes Perfect.
重复造就完美。

In the 1990s, a team of German psychologists revealed that it takes 10,000 hours of deliberate practice to become a professional violinist.
20世纪90年代，一个德国心理学家团队透露，要成为一名专业小提琴手，需要经过一万个小时的刻意练习。

A similar study concluded it also takes almost just as long to become a great cigar maker.
一项类似的研究得出结论，成为一个伟大的雪茄制造商也需要差不多同样长的时间。

New workers in a Cuban cigar factory take around 25 seconds to make one cigar.
古巴一家雪茄厂的新员工需要大约25秒钟来制作一支雪茄。

After 100,000 repetitions, it takes them just 15 seconds and after 1 million only 8.
重复10万次后，只需要15秒，100万次后只需要8秒。

To reach peak performance, it takes 7 years and 10 million repetitions of the same hand movements.
要达到巅峰表现，同样的手部动作需要7年1000万次重复。

Not practice, but repetition makes perfect.
不是练习，是重复造就完美。

Professional football teams, therefore, play daily what the Spanish players call "Rondo".
因此，职业足球队每天都要进行西班牙球员所称的“Rondo传控练习”。

Piano players warm-up with Scales and Arpeggios.
钢琴演奏者用音阶和琶音热身。

Get a Coach.
找个教练。

The job of a coach is to show us our true potential and then guide us in the right direction.
教练的工作是向我们展示我们真正的潜力，然后指引我们走向正确的方向。

If you don't have a coach, look for one.
如果你没有教练，就去找一个。

It can a teacher, a friend or even someone you find or follow online.
它可以是老师、朋友，甚至是你在网上找到或关注的人。