According to the International Union for the Conservation of Nature, the yellow-eyed penguin has been an endangered species for decades. The threats it faces include disease, predators and being accidentally caught in fishing gear. Fiordland penguins are doing better in the wild. They're classified as near threatened.

据国际自然保护联盟称，黄眼企鹅几十年来一直是濒危物种。它面临的威胁包括疾病、捕食者和意外被渔具捕获。峡湾企鹅在野外生活得较好。它们被归类为近危物种。



That's also from fishing, predators and disease, plus habitat changes. You can find both species at a conservation center in New Zealand. On New Zealand's south island coast, on 150 acres of private land, Penguin Place is a rescue and rehabilitation center for sick, starving and injured penguins. It's also a haven for this native endangered species.

它们的威胁也来自捕鱼、捕食者和疾病，再加上栖息地的变化。你可以在新西兰的一个保护中心找到这两种企鹅。企鹅广场位于新西兰南岛海岸，建在占地150英亩的私人土地上，是生病、饥饿和受伤的企鹅的救援和康复中心。这里也是这种本土濒危物种的保护区。



Hoiho is the Maori word for yellow-eyed penguin and it means noisy shelter. It's a chance -- after you are going to see one, you'll hear them screaming at each other. They are the world's only solitary species of penguin. So they don't like each other.

Hoiho在毛利语中是黄眼企鹅的意思，意思是嘈杂的庇护所。在你见到一只黄眼企鹅之后，你有机会能听到它们对彼此尖叫。它们是世界上唯一喜欢独处的企鹅。所以它们不喜欢同类。



They don't seem to like human contact either, says Penguin Place conservation manager Jason van Zanten. Believe it or not, the yellow-eyed penguins aren't cute and cuddly like they look. They have a really vicious bite and that can do quite a bit of damage. 

企鹅广场的保护经理杰森·范·赞滕说，它们似乎也不喜欢与人类接触。信不信由你，黄眼企鹅并不像它们看起来那么可爱。它们咬人非常凶狠，会造成很严重的伤口。



Many of these birds come to Penguin Place from the Dunedin Wildlife Hospital nearby where they're under the care of founder and director, Dr. Lisa Argilla. I love penguins. They're quite sexy little individuals.

许多黄眼企鹅从附近的达尼丁野生动物医院来到企鹅广场，在这里它们受到创始人兼主任丽莎·阿吉拉博士的照顾。我喜欢企鹅。它们是非常吸引人的小东西。



They all have their own individual personalities as well. Possibly. This is a Fiordland crested penguin or tawaki. It's one of New Zealand's rarest mainland penguin species. A lot of our New Zealand penguins are in such strife reaching sort of levels of being endangered. Just trying to save these guys as best we can, to stop them becoming extinct.

它们都有自己的个性。可能会。-这是一只峡湾冠羽企鹅。它是新西兰最稀有的内陆企鹅物种之一。许多新西兰企鹅的生存都面临威胁，甚至濒临灭绝。我们只能尽最大努力拯救这些家伙，防止它们灭绝。



Yeah, you feel better. Dr. Argilla and her team treat up to 50 penguins here per season. Most of the injuries we see are actually predator-related. This guy has got what we would be consistent with the nasty gash wounds all over the feet from a barracuda.

好了，好点了吧。阿吉拉博士和她的团队每个季节在这里能治疗多达50只企鹅。我们看到的企鹅受到的大多数伤害实际上都与捕食者有关。我们认为这家伙的脚上的严重割伤都是梭鱼造成的。



At penguin place, these young birds are feeling the effects of climate change, unable to find enough food in the ocean due to rising sea temperatures as well as fishing practices, van Zanten says. Around 80 percent come in underweight and need fattening up. These birds have been declining a lot recently.

范·赞滕说，在企鹅栖息地，这些幼年企鹅正在受到气候变化的影响，由于海洋温度上升和人类捕鱼活动，它们无法在海洋中找到足够的食物。大约80%的企鹅体重过轻，需要增肥。这些企鹅的数量最近下降了很多。



In the last 10 or so years, we've lost about three quarters or 75 percent of the population. So that's a lot really, really quickly. Humans also have a big part to play. A lot of our public beaches unfortunately do have a lot of foot traffic on it and we cause a lot of disturbance for these birds.

在过去的10年左右，我们失去了大约四分之三的企鹅。所以企鹅数量减少得真的很快。人类也扮演着重要的角色。不幸的是，我们的很多公共海滩上都有很多人，我们给这些企鹅造成了很多干扰。



Private reserves like this are really important for the species ongoing. The work we're doing is absolutely critical for these guys and their survival here on the mainland. For van Zanten's birds, things are looking up. Before the full recovery of these penguin species, it's baby steps.

像这样的私人保护区对还幸存的物种非常重要。我们正在做的工作对这些家伙和它们在陆地上的生存至关重要。对于范·赞滕的企鹅来说，情况正在好转。在这些企鹅物种完全恢复之前，迈出了一小步。