If the commercials are any indication, the world's most popular perfumes are less about the scent and more about the feelings they evoke.

如果说这些广告有什么意义的话，那就是世界上最受欢迎的香水与其说是香味，不如说是它们所唤起的感觉。



They're a whole mood and these moods are often determined by a select few.

它们是一种整体的情绪，而这些情绪往往由少数人决定。



There's you know probably about 700 people deciding for the 7 billion how they should smell.

大概有700个人决定70亿人应该怎么闻。



Anahita Mekanik is the scent designer and the co-founder of EveryHuman.

Anahita Mekanik是香水设计师，也是“EveryHuman”的共同创始人。



The maker of algorithmic perfumery, a machine that combines user input and artificial intelligence.

算法香水是一种结合了用户输入和人工智能的机器。



It allows EveryHuman to create their custom scent based on who they are and how they feel in the moment.

它允许每个人根据自己的身份和当下的感受来创造自己的定制气味。



But for such a subjective medium, will customers like what they smell?

但是对于这样一个主观的媒介来说，顾客会喜欢他们闻到的东西吗？



The process kicks off with an extensive personality and preferences questionnaire.

这个过程从一份广泛的个性和偏好问卷开始。



Algorithms process the data and come up with three perfume formulations.

算法处理这些数据，得出三种香水配方。



We also ask you to provide feedback.

我们也请顾客提供反馈。



Did I like this one, did it match me etc.

问题包括：我喜欢这个吗？它和我相配吗？等等。



And it's through that feedback loop that we're learning and that we're seeing, okay, this algorithm seems to be learning faster or predicting better.

正是通过这个反馈循环，我们学习，我们看到，这个算法似乎学习得更快，预测得更好。



Oh, I like it, it's nice.

我很喜欢，非常棒。



Users can continue to adjust the formulations in the app making new sense to suit their tastes.

用户可以继续在应用程序中调整配方，以适应自己的品味。



I think that's part of the whole fun of it, right?

我觉得这就是其中的乐趣，对吧？



You get to just let your mind run for you at all and just see where it all takes you.

你可以让你的大脑为你运转看看它会把你带到哪里。



EveryHuman isn't the only company bringing technology to the world of fragrance.

“EveryHuman”是唯一一家将技术带入香水世界的公司。



Ninu perfume is a so-called smart fragrance bottle containing three interchangeable vials that allow for a hundred different scent combinations.

Ninu 香水是一款智能香水瓶，内含三个可互换的小瓶，可以搭配100种不同的香味。



With an app, users can create new combinations on the spot adjusting for various settings and moods.

通过一款应用程序，用户可以当场创建新的组合，调整各种设置和情绪。



When it comes to something again as personal scent, you know best what you like.

谈到个人的气味时，你才最清楚自己喜欢什么。



You don't need to be professionally trained to know that I don't like this and I do like this.

你不需要经过专业训练就能知道我不喜欢这样，而我确实喜欢这样。



And technology may just be able to lend a helping spritz.

科技或许能起到帮助作用。



Tina Trinh VOA news.

VOA 新闻，蒂娜·崔报道。